fix typo (#3525)
ARMmbed/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/fix-typo.txt

> Bugfix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes
```

>    * There is typo in the example code which locates in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * There is a typo in the example code located in
```
